{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh9300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Charlotte expressed her gratitude, feeling a great appreciation for his help.\
"As a soldier serving the royal family, the safety of the royal family is my top priority."\
\
Darius made a difficult decision. Although those words were what a soldier should say, it was different to actually put it into practice. He had risked his life, as if it were natural, to oppose the forces trying to kill the princess. He didn't hesitate, knowing that he might die.\
Well, my life was entangled in it as well, but this guy is really something.\
Charlotte seemed to think the same as she nodded her head.\
"Could the enemies pursue us using teleportation magic?"\
That was my concern at the moment. Among the enemies, there might be wizards, and I had shouted about teleporting to Gradium. They surely knew where we were.\
Darius's expression also hardened at my words.\
"We should move quickly."\
"No, there's no need for that."\
But Charlotte was casual about it.\
"No alliance forces have wizards capable of successfully teleporting from the demon king's castle to Gradium. We've traveled an unbelievable distance. It was originally impossible. There's no warp gate near the demon king's castle, so there won't be a pursuit from that direction."\
Charlotte denied the possibility of the pursuers catching up with us through teleportation, saying that the demon's scroll had an unbelievable performance.\
"But they can still report through communication magic. Well, it may take some time, so we'll have enough until we reach the palace."\
Communication magic has a delay. To be precise, there is a delay until the magic reaches its destination due to the tremendous distance.\
Charlotte informed me that upon hearing that the princess was alive, there were orders to kill her, and now she teleported to Gradium. Until I received a report on exactly what had happened.\
"Could you please explain what happened, Lieutenant Darius?"\
"Yes, I will explain."\
So, while we didn't have much time to relax, we walked through the streets of Gradium and explained to the princess what had happened. The story about the knights of the duchy almost killing me made me feel guilty when I saw the princess's gaze. I also wanted to survive, but I couldn't just abandon Charlotte, even in a life-threatening situation. I know that there doesn't need to be a reason to save someone's life, but it was the first time I risked my life along with it. I couldn't explain it as anything other than an action I took without even realizing it.\
Anyway, the result is good, so I guess the rest doesn't matter. Although I don't think I can do it if I have to do it twice.\
Still, while Darius told the story of the incident, I felt a chill running down my spine.\
\
Looking back at the story, there were too many unnatural parts.\
Suddenly, the mission was activated and blocking the knights.\
The demons suddenly leaping, and for some reason, the captive demons behaving as if they were trying to protect us.\
The first coincidence could be understood, but the second coincidence was suspiciously unnatural. It was too much of a fortunate coincidence.\
Darius seemed to be relieved that he had survived, but I could see Charlotte's expression growing more and more stern.\
Charlotte, who had grown up in the endgame of the war, had experienced a lot in the Imperial Palace. Although it was a brief experience, this guy's head was sharp. Mentally and physically pushed to the limit, she had a premonition of her own death as soon as she was released.\
Those strange facts.\
The boy with amnesia.\
The teleportation scroll that came so accurately as if they knew it was there.\
There were enough suspicious situations. I didn't know what conclusion to draw from them, but I knew well that the conclusion wouldn't be favorable to me.}